sorry demo toolkit 5600 into the new
model Bobcat has a lot of things guys
got a whole suspension on it and the
frames can put it right its engines a
little bit louder and automatically
comes with the rhino liner dump bed they
all now come with the hydraulic Bob
catch in the cab the dump bed control is
a lever now
most is a trolls are in the same
location
these were moved forward
and which of what right here
the crazy plus or minus with the crew
speed going at
shut the pump down Bobcats
the low
isn't as giving as the old one same
steering
air controls removed they completely
redesigned loader
exactly what all it did i'm not fair
really like that
old
raising the bed all the web series
engine
a lot
on the inside they run aligner the
fender wells on each side which instead
of painting
lasts a lot longer
let's see isn't
in the stationerity like the fashion
citizen old one
it doesn't really need to have to give
to it like old sleep it comes with us
it'll get because the car